Atlassian sources added (#10739)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/sources/atlassian-confluence.md

---
layout: default
title: Atlassian Confluence
parent: Sources
grand_parent: Pipelines
nav_order: 5
---

# Atlassian Confluence source

You can use the OpenSearch Data Prepper `confluence` source to ingest records from one or more [Atlassian Confluence](https://www.atlassian.com/software/confluence) spaces.

## Usage

Set up Confluence project access credentials by choosing one of the following options:

- **Basic authentication** (API key authentication): Follow [these instructions](https://support.atlassian.com/atlassian-account/docs/manage-api-tokens-for-your-atlassian-account/).
- **OAuth2 authentication**: Follow [these instructions](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/oauth-2-3lo-apps/#faq-rrt-config).

> As an additional optional step, store the credentials in an AWS secret store. If you don't store the credentials in the secret store, then you must provide plain-text credentials directly in the pipeline configuration.

Author: yes

#### OAuth2 authentication

Either basic or OAuth2 credentials are required to access the Confluence site. If you use OAuth2 is used, the following fields are required.

| Option          | Required | Type   | Description                                                                                     |
|:----------------|:---------|:-------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `client_id`     | Yes      | String | A `client_id` or reference to secret key storing the `client_id`.         |
| `client_secret` | Yes      | String | A `client_secret` or reference to secret key storing the `client_secret`. |
| `access_token`  | Yes      | String | An `access_token` or reference to secret key storing the `access_token`.   |
| `refresh_token` | Yes      | String | A `refresh_token` or reference to secret key storing the `refresh_token`. |

### Filter

Optionally, you can specify filters to select specific content. If no filters are specified, all the spaces and content visible for the specified credentials are extracted and sent to the specified sink in the pipeline.

> | Option      | Required | Type   | Description                                   |

Author: The sentence above is that. I added additional explanation to correlate that sentence with the table.

> Optionally, you can specify filters to select specific content. If no filters are specified, all the spaces and content visible for the specified credentials are extracted and sent to the specified sink in the pipeline. The following filter options are available to select specific content from Confluence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can specify filters to select specific content, shown in the following table. If no filters are specified, all the spaces and content visible for the specified credentials are extracted and sent to the specified sink in the pipeline.
```
